The next change I want to make has to do with how we're handling different actions.
So right now for example, whenever we want to dispatch the ADD_TODO action,
what we do is we have an object,
we have a type of ADD_TODO and then we pass along the TODO item.
Now, again this works,
but we're duplicating a lot of code here,
specifically between these two parts right here,
and duplication isn't necessarily a bad thing,
but I think in this instance,
we can clean it up quite a bit.
So what we'll do is instead of just hard coding all of
the objects into the specific dispatch and location,
what if we made a function whose whole job was to return us to the object,
so that way we didn't necessarily have to remember that
the type was ADD_TODO every time that we wanted to
dispatch the add_todo type and we don't have to remember that we need to
pass along a specific todo because we can just invoke
the function and it will handle a lot of that for us.
So let's come up to the top of our file again,
and we're going to make a few different functions here.
These are going to be called action creators because they are creating an action.
So first, let's do addTodoAction to handle our addtodo actions,
it's going to take a todo item,
and then it's going to return us that action which will have a type
of ADD_TODO and then we will just pass along the todo item.
The next action that is going to be dispatched is REMOVE_TODO right here.
So we can say, removeTodoAction.
It's going to receive an Id,
and then the action that it is going to return will have
a type of REMOVE_TODO and will pass along the Id.
And we're going to do this three more times.
Next we have toggle todo.
So we have toggleTodoAction creator here,
this is also going to take an Id and return
an action or an object that has a type of TOGGLE_TODO,
and then we'll pass along the id.
At this point, you probably get the point.
We have an addGoalAction,
which is going to take in the goal and return
an objects with a type of ADD_GOAL and the goal itself,
and then finally as far as our action creators are concerned,
we have our removeGoalAction creator which takes in an
Id and returns an object with a type of REMOVE_GOAL and then an Id.
So now inside of our application,
whenever we are calling dispatch,
we want to update all of those to instead of just passing in the action themselves,
we want to invoke our action creators.
So, here what we'll do is let's say,
store.dispatch, we want to invoke the addTodoAction action creator.
What we want to pass it is if you remember, the todo item.
So, what we can do is,
let's copy this and then we will just paste the to do item in there.
So it looks pretty good.
Now, same thing here,
copy this and replace the todo item that we're passing it with this one right here,
that it has an id of one.
And then we'll do the exact same thing for this one.
I think this will be the last of our addTodoActions.
Copy the action or the todo item itself.
And then now what we want to do is we want to invoke our removeTodoAction creator,
passing it the id which is just going to be one right here.
Same thing down here except we want to invoke
our toggleTodoAction creator passing at
the id of zero which will allow us to get rid of this line right here.
And then finally, we just have ADD_GOAL, ADD_GOAL and REMOVE_GOAL.
So our addGoalAction creator is going to take in the goal just
as our addTodoAction took in the todo item,
so paste in the goal their.
I'm going to copy and paste this because we are dispatching at goal action again.
And then the new goal will be this one right here.
And then finally, what we want to do is call
store.dispatch invoking the removeGoalAction and passing it in Id of zero.
So now again what we've done,
is we have abstracted all of
our different actions into their own functions called Action creators.
So now, whenever we want to get an action or whenever we want to dispatch an action,
what we need to do is call our action creators which will return us the specific action.